Welcome to Time Bachao Beauty Services a website located at gharpar.co and operated by Time Bachao Tech Pvt Limited (herein referred as “Time Bachao”, or “we” or “us” or “company”).
These Terms of usage constitute a legal agreement between you and the company. By accessing or using the services, you are accepting this Agreement. Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully and thoroughly. If you do not accept these Terms, you must not make an appointment for any beauty service from Time Bachao.
Definitions
Appointment – means ordering a service made by You on our website or through our App
Member – means to be a registered user
Services
Technician/Beautician
Website
Membership
Membership. In order to book an appointment, you must register for an membership (“Member”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the registration form. There are certain pre-conditions to becoming a member, you must provide your exact date of birth and your CNIC – for verification purposes. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You agree not to create an account on behalf of someone other than yourself.  You further agree that you shall not maintain more than one account at any given time.  You may delete your Membership at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions in the Services. We may suspend or terminate your Membership in accordance with the section entitled “Term and Termination.” You agree not to create an account or use our Services if you have been previously removed by Time Bachao, or if you have been previously barred from any of the Services.

Membership Responsibilities
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use, of your Account or any other breach of security. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.

Appointment
By booking an appointment through our website or over the phone, you warrant that you agree to provide complete, correct and true information.

After placing your appointment you will receive a text message with details of your order (general details) from us acknowledging that we have received your booking. Please note that this does not mean your booking has been accepted. All Bookings are subject to acceptance by us and our technicians, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you another text message on behalf of the selected Beauty technician to confirm the Booking (the ‘Booking Confirmation’). The contract between you and the Beauty technician will only be formed when we send you the Booking Confirmation. You will be able to view the Beauty technician by going into your upcoming appointments and viewing which technician has been assigned to you to do your appointment. Please note Time Bachao reserves the right to send you more than one technician to complete your order; as each technician is specialized in set services.
You agree that you will not seek to book any Services from any said Beauty Professionals other than via our Website or our App for the duration of this agreement and in the 3 months after the termination of this agreement.

Pricing and Payment
All pricing of services are set by Time Bachao and are non-negotiable; if a client is also providing their own products, the pricing remains the same.

Prices vary from service to service and Time Bachao reserves the right to change prices when they deem suitable. Upon changing of price the client will have to pay the new price for each service.
Payment of services is currently Cash on Delivery. Full payment is due upon completion of services. Failure to pay complete payment can result in banning of the client membership.

Cancellation and Waiting Charges
You may cancel your appointment an hour prior to your booking time. Failure to do so will result in a PKR 500 charge which will be added to your next appointment. If a beauty technician cancels an appointment last minute, Time Bachao will schedule another appointment with the client at a discounted rate.

If you are delayed for your appointment waiting charges will be levied to your appointment. A client will be given a grace period of 15 minutes, after 15 minutes PKR 250 will be levied per 15 minutes.

If your beauty technician is late – the company will give a grace period of 15 minutes after 15 minutes the following discount will be applicable the to the client

15 + minutes late : 20% discount on order
30 minutes late: 50% discount on order
1 HR + late: 100% discount on order
Rescheduling Appointments
If you wish to reschedule your appointment, you can call on the customer care helpline and change the date and time of your appointment as per needed. Please note that all changes must be made atleast to hours prior to your booking time.

Complaints & Feedback
For complaints and feedback, client can rate the beauty technician on her service by going on to the app and going into their order history and rating them. Customer Care team will follow up with the client for further details and discounts.

Travel Charges
Some areas may have a travel charge applicable to them based on the distance.
Deals and Sales
We may, in our sole discretion, create deals and sales that can be redeemed upon booking a service. Deals can be used till the validity of the sale offer, it is not a one-time offer and the client may book for more than one person if need be. Only Deals and Sales sent to you through official Time Bachao communications channels are valid. You further agree:

(i) to use Deal offer only for their intended purpose, and in a lawful manner;

(ii) you will not alter, duplicate, sell, transfer or redistribute Deals in any manner, unless expressly permitted by us;

(iii) Deals may be disabled by us at any time for any reason without liability to us;

(iv) Deals may expire prior to your use.

Reservation of Rights. We reserve the right to change the prices of services and dates of the offer valid.

Your Responsibilities:
As the recipient of at-home beauty services provided by beauty technicians, you agree to assume certain responsibilities. When you book an appointment, you agree to comply with any rules or requirements of the beauty technician applicable to the service purchased and that you are made aware of, including as part of any confirmation text message (the “Requirements”). Whether or not there are Requirements, you agree to: (a) create in your home (or other space where our beauty technicians are invited to perform their services) a safe, clean, and reasonably comfortable workspace that is free of conditions that would make it difficult for our beauty technicians to perform their jobs (all as determined in each of our beauty technician’s sole discretion); (b) provide a workspace that has access to bathroom facilities and is in close proximity to an electrical outlet and a sink with hot and cold running water; and (c) refrain, and cause other individuals present in your household to refrain, from any speech, conduct, or personal displays that a reasonable person would find offensive, intimidating, hostile, harassing, indecent or abusive while our beauty technicians are present. If you have pets, you agree to confine all of your pets to a room where our beauty technicians will not be working. If you have a child or children under the age of 13, you agree that childcare (provided by someone other than you and our beauty technician) will be present. This is important as the beauty technician will have equipment that can harm a child and our beauty technician will be focused on you. Beauty technicians reserve the right to terminate or refuse to provide their services to anyone at any time in the event you do not fulfill your responsibilities as set forth in this Section or if a beauty technician feels unsafe or uncomfortable with her in-home work environment or conditions for any reason.  You understand, acknowledge and agree that beauty technicians are not employees or agents of Time Bachao, but are independent contractors who operate business enterprises separate and distinct from Time Bachao

Limitation Of Liability
By using the Website, the App or Service, you agree to hold GharPar free from liability or responsibility for any damage that might arise out of the transaction between you and this Website, the App or any Beauty Professionals.

Time Bachao makes no representations or warranties in connection with this website or the App, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of satisfactory quality, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose, except to the extent such warranties are not legally excludable.

To the fullest extent permissible GharPar will not be liable for interruption of business; loss or damages of any kind incurred as a result of dealings with or the presence of the website or off-website links; access delays or access interruptions to the website; computer viruses, system failure or any malfunction which may occur in connection with your use of our website; any inaccuracies or omissions or misleading, false or deceptive statements in the content; or, any events beyond Time Bachao’s reasonable control.

Furthermore, to the fullest extent permitted by law we will not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other damages of any kind related to your use of the website or the App and in no event shall our maximum aggregate liability exceed one hundred pounds sterling.

Intellectual Property
The trade marks, logos and service marks (‘intellectual property’) displayed on our website and in our App are the registered and unregistered marks of Time Bachao. Except in connection with placing an order for merchandise or as required by applicable law, you may not use, reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, access, modify or otherwise exploit our intellectual property or that of our suppliers without our or their prior written consent.

Ownership Of Rights
All rights, including copyright, in this website and on our App are owned by or licensed to Time Bachao. Any use of the App or this website or its contents, including copying or storing it or them in whole or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without our permission. You may not modify, delete, distribute or post anything on this website for any purpose.
